/* 
✅ mobile nav doesn't close after selecting a page.
✅ can't click on add to cart through image.
✅ add to cart click doesn't work
✅ shirt customizer window doesn't account for height of scree + nav bar
✅  orContinue Shopping-> needs a space and does nothing
✅ responsiveness of customizer and carousel for phone screens
✅ check out should be bigger than clear cart button
✅ checkout should be disabled for an empty cart
✅ clicking checkout doesn't close the cart
✅ customizer intro can't handle thin phones
✅ nest hub: nav menu broken
✅ mobile nav doesn't close on click outside.
✅ click outside of profile menu should close profile menu
✅ clicking outside cart should close cart
✅ header links don't highlight.
✅ mobile nav links don't highlight.
✅ header and nav links don't highlight at app startup
✅ profile menu can't open after initial page load
✅ profile menu should close after selecting an option
✅ nav bars should use URL location instead of Context or local state
✅ highlighted page always home first despite actual page
✅ Search bar styling
✅ Search bar icon should stop being rendered, not just become invisible and take up space.
✅ styling of summary page blocks not even
✅ there is no visual indication payment is happening after a click. needs a loader or to change to an inbetween page to prevent repeated clicks
✅ guest cart persists after log in 
✅ user cart persists after log out 
✅ zero quantity items remain in context
✅ completing a purchase doesn't clear your cart
❌ Password length validation failure. No visual indication.
❌ at no point can you select the size of the customized t-shirt
❌ card hover implies action if click but nothing happens
❌ bug in filter where if you select 4 things then unselct them then just select 1 thing. the first four items will not match the new filter
❌ edit details & view carrier details doesn't work
❌ no front end validation for empty fields
❌ add variant info to basic card data
⚠️ some options aren't shown in cart
⚠️ cards in carousel aren't animated
⚠️ active page in nav is not selected because it needs blood splatter URL
